Set a "no expectation" rule for 30 days
Take a 20-minute walk each day
Compliment someone each day
Take one photo and share it
Write down 3 things you are grateful
Avoid a toxic person
Smile at every stranger
Listen to music for the mood you want to be in
Throw away one or donate something of yours
Write a page in your journal
Read one page from a book
Meditate for 10 mins
Go to bed early as possible
One random act of kindness
Pay for someone else’s meal
Reconnect with an old friend
Cook for the week
Talk to a stranger
Re-evaluate one long-held belief
Find a new hobby
Take a 2 hour break from social media
Ditch a bad habit
Be a "yes man"
Do something that scares you
Avoid complaining
In this world full of distractions, give a friend or a loved one your full attention. Have a good conversation with them, try to catch up on some things and make that quality time together
Prepare a sandwich/es for work or school. Give it to a homeless person you’ll meet on the way
Tell your crush how you feel about them!
Make someone’s day special by hiding happy notes for them  to find
Begin your day by giving someone a hug or a compliment!
Invite friends or family over for dinner. Have a good time
Get up early and prepare breakfast. Add 50 pushups too!
Ask strangers for a hug
Surprise your neighbor with food.
Read at least 10 pages of a book that you started long time ago and forgot about.
Make small talks into interesting conversations
Help someone before they ask
Send a care package to someone you think needs it
Take time to have a conversation with a homeless person
Learn the basics of yoga
Try not to talk anything negative about yourself and another person. We are all too critical on ourselves that we are aiming for perfection instead of excellence
Make a new friend today. Go out there and introduce yourself to a stranger!
Pay for someone’s bus/cab fare
Write a list of things that you adore about a friend and give it to them
Hide positive notes in random places for strangers to find
Compliment a stranger!
Ride your bike or walk to work/school
Host a silent dance party at your place. Best way to have a good time of your life and not wake up the neighbors.
Let someone go in front of you in line
Do not drink coffee or tea or any beverages except Water for the entire day. I repeat: DRINK WATER ONLY
Tell random people it’s your birthday and have a selfie with them!
Compose a song or a poem and give it to someone that you got the inspiration from. 
BE EXTRA. Dress up to the nines and show the world the best version of yourself! Remember: Confidence is the key
Act like a fan girl or fan boy. Ask strangers for their autograph, bonus points if you’re gonna have a photo with them!
Help someone get out of their comfort zone. If you find someone battling with trying something new, give them a little nudge. Even better, offer to both try something new together
Think of the amazing people in your life. Take an hour to write those people a letter telling them why they’re awesome
Have a meaningful conversation with someone. Ask them how they really are
Help the environment by not using plastics for the entire day. Ditching the straws, and fast food would be a good start!
Go 24 hrs without internet. :smirk:
The comeback of a challenge. This is a classic one— Be HONEST.  No matter what
Sing in front of many people
Cook something with only just 5 ingredients or less
Be a role model. Pick up trash on the street and throw them away into the bin properly
Support a fellow Yes Fam with their passion or talent by posting about them on social media. Spread the word!
Plan a meet up with a fellow Yes Fam in your area!
Go out and party alone. Make friends when you get there
Be more patient to everything. Always see other people’s perspective to things before stating your opinion
Take a cold shower. An ice cold one. The coldest that you can endure for at least 2 minutes.
Declutter your house or at least one room!
Reconnect to reality and get off social media
Be spontaneous!
Think positively in everything that will happen today. You’ll never know how this simple mindset will bring you
Make a speech in the middle of a crowd and then walk away.
Learn how to make a kite and fly it
Learn how to speak a different accent!
Get our of your way to be extra nice to someone you don’t really like (you might be in for a surprise!)
Make someone smile today!
Buy any beverage and give it to a stranger
Pretend to be a tourist in your city and ask strangers for directions, would be better if they will be your tour guide for a day!
Stand in front of a stranger at a busy park and pretend you’re a tree swaying with the wind then walk away like nothing happened
Cook a dish from another country
Leave a legacy and make a difference in the environment. For today’s challenge, plant a tree in your backyard or grow a flower in a pot by your window
Buy sidewalk chalk and leave positive messages in high traffic areas or your neighborhood
Pack your lunch for today, preferably something healthy. Packing lunches saves money and forces you to plan ahead. If you usually pack your lunch, try switching it up and going out somewhere
Be vulnerable. Tell someone your biggest fear, regret or desire
Call your Mother just to tell her how much you love her
Ask someone on a date who you think is way out of your league
Fast for an entire morning. See if you can make it to 12pm or 1pm. Bonus points for every hour past that
Switch web browsers for a day. Force yourself to use Firefox instead of Chrome and vice versa. Or use Internet Explorer. Or Microsoft Edge. Harder than you might think for someone who uses the internet all the time
Walk around the city all night and then find a place to eat breakfast at dawn
Pull an all-nighter when the opportunity arises instead of going home
Start a conversation with a stranger!
Do not look at the clock for the entire day. Ask strangers to know the time or trust your body clock.
Go to a restaurant and convince the cook to create something completely new for you to eat
Lie down on the ground for 30 seconds in a busy place…then get up with a smile and pretend nothing’s happened. Convince some friends to join you for more fun!
Make a child happy! Give away balloons or flowers to random kids on the street today
Go through your stuffed toys and give them to kids!
Learn how to say “Please” and “Thank You” in 5 different languages
Write inspiring notes to leave on random cars at the parking lot or street
Invite someone new to sit with you during lunch